explicit how categories work (#43)
pluginsGLPI/doc: source/formcreator/configuration.rst

**Menu** : `Setup > Dropdowns : Forms > Form categories`

> Form categories allow you to arrange your forms list. Forms are displayed when thei belong to the selected category or any sub category. When a form does not has any category, it is displayed when no category is selected or when the user selects "view all".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Form categories allow you to arrange your forms list. Forms are displayed when they belong to the selected category or any sub category. When a form does not have any category, it is displayed when no category is selected or when the user selects "view all".
```
